Welcome to Harmontown. How are you tonight? You look so beautiful. I am Brandon Johnson.
I'm sitting in for the lovely Jeff Davis and we want to wish Sherry Hill a happy birthday.
We want to wish Steve Levy a happy birthday. And with that, ladies and gentlemen, let's
bring him out. He's renowned, the best around, Dan Harmon, followed by the most amazing Rob.
Rob!
Yeah. Happy birthday, Steve Levy. Steve Levy's birthday.
I never really texted him, Steve, just a happy birthday.
We took care of it for you.
We assisted your assistants on his assistant.
I saw it on my calendar and then I, because Steve's the first guy I got a text in the morning
and I was like, well, get this stuff out of the way first.
He should have left you a note.
Like a calendar? He's in charge of my calendar. His birthday was on it. He did the best he could
to humanize himself. He just couldn't get through the fucking membrane.
Couldn't break the titanium ceiling, the whatever material you use when you're just
oppressing everyone human. It's beyond glass.
Glass is elegant. It's for the ladies. You want to be able to see through it.
Hello. I'm oppressing you. I can see through the ceiling.
What, too soon?
If you guys think you're sick of me, you should be sick of yourselves for a change.
What would you use for Levy?
I don't know. Well, obviously, I'm using something that you can't see through.
I think that's my elegant point. I think that's where the term glass ceiling probably came from,
is that men are like, they're like, oh, it's transparent.
Not because it's invisible, but because the men are like, yeah, it's there.
I can see you. I think it's insidious.
And then I'm saying, then what about the way that you oppress everybody,
that you don't even think about at all? You don't even see them.
I feel like women came up with the term.
Women came up with a term?
Because from their vantage point, it's a ceiling.
It's like a...
But the show is called Harmon Time.
And February is over, so I'll be quiet.
Happy March, happy International Women's Month.
Got that right?
Yeah, point well taken.
The term ceiling probably coined by the people beneath it.
Unless you're like that jazzed about oppression, that you're like,
we need a ceiling over these people.
You're like looking down and going, you don't call it a floor.
But because you're a little concerned, you don't want to oppress them too much,
you want to be able to see them.
It's like the opposite of empathy.
The opposite of love is indifference, not hate.
The opposite of empathy isn't non-empathy.
It's like, I know exactly how you feel.
I'm going to crush you.
I'm thinking about things from your perspective,
so I can know how to hurt you more.
Is there a word for that? Antipathy?
Free time?
Speaking of antipathy, here's a phrase.
Antipathy.
I remember going to my antipathy's house
for rhubarb pie
and mac and cheese, eronies.
Antipathy.
Spencer's been very depressed lately.
I asked him if it was okay to share that with people,
and he said, yeah, that was several weeks ago.
I haven't checked in with him about that since.
I'm giving him his space, and he's like, I mean, I see him all the time.
But if somebody doesn't want to, you know, I figure, give him space.
Is that what you've been doing?
Oh, to you.
No, you're here.
You reminded me.
You, interrupting with the antipathy wordplay,
reminded me that Spencer wasn't here.
And that made me think about the fact that I actually hadn't shared something
that I did ask Spencer at one point.
Would you mind if I shared that with the audience?
He's like, yeah, I don't care, because I did think it was interesting,
it was a real shit mood.
And it's hard to say these days if it's connected to anything
extrinsically causal.
The world is so whack-a-doodle from my perspective at this point.
How would you know if it was because it was raining
or because of something you saw on the internet?
But you ever have one of those funks that's so deep
that you're like, this has got to be biochemical.
I've never been this depressed about anything real in my life.
This has got to just be a real thing,
and it almost makes it a little easier to deal with intellectually,
because you're like, oh, this is just blue crayon in my butt.
Don't Google it, but it's a real expression.
And in the midway into that, I was not sharing it with people.
That's the thing, because it was like, oh, this too shall pass.
You complain enough.
Who are you going to tell?
Even saying this is going to be uncharismatic,
but I was having this conversation with a colleague
where I said they were talking about being depressed,
and I was like, you are having a lot of good fortune right now,
and there is an effect that I've noticed
where that lasso of when you're allowed to complain
kind of tightens in your own mind,
you guys are thinking, well, nothing's stopping you.
That lasso is not tight, but that's because I think I have this.
I feel like I have a little license to kvetch,
because I'm talking to people who would never judge me.
But anyways, I got way too high.
I'm sorry, that's my fourth tangent.
Spencer came to work in this funk,
and I got out of my car, I got in the elevator,
and Spencer happened to be in the elevator at the same time,
and he hadn't done the show for, I think,
he just had taken one week off at that point.
And I said, good morning.
He said, hey, sorry, I didn't do the show.
And I was like, yeah, everything OK.
He's like, nah, I'm really depressed.
And my mood, I was so excited.
It was like when you see somebody wearing the same shirt,
or somebody mentions the same Netflix show
that you were coming into work ready to talk about.
And it was so instantly measurable how happy it made me
to hear someone else say, I've been depressed,
and I don't know why.
And I think that that's both, look, I know that that's,
I know, it was also funny.
I was like, God, that's so ridiculous and almost cruel
that it makes you feel better.
You hear the misery loves company and stuff,
and it's like, I never bothered to ask Spencer,
is it also making you feel better?
Or is it just, I was afraid to ask.
You ever take like a swim class when the teacher says,
don't go near a person that's drowning.
They won't know what they're doing.
And they might grab your head and hold it under them
with their kind of reptile part of their brain
if they're scared they're drowning.
So you have to have these techniques.
That's what I was doing.
I was like, Spencer saying he had been depressed.
I just grabbed it and pushed myself up with it.
I was like, that makes me feel so much better.
But there's a, you know, there is this thing.
You've witnessed somebody be brave.
You're able to be brave.
And there's this great honesty.
You get, you get a little kick from that.
We all do.
It's why we sort of stress, reach out to people.
So there is this moment like when you peel,
I know this is nerdy, but you know,
when you open a bandaid in the dark
and you see that little spark when you peel the paper.
I love that.
That's not nerdy.
That's magic.
Right. So this is the same thing.
It is magic, right?
It's the same thing in Carl's Bad Caverns
where there's no light.
And then you open a bandaid and you like,
it's one little thing and it doesn't,
it doesn't mean you're going to live longer.
It doesn't mean anything, but it's like,
it's, yeah, it's so important.
It doesn't mean the wound went away.
That's like, you know, the opposite of
you got to pull that bandaid off.
It's usually...
You got to open that bandaid package.
And a one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
Okay, so antipathy reminded me of a, like, something.
A better time.
And then you did that.
That reminded me of Spencer.
Spencer reminded me.
So I would say, I mean, I want to say also,
I don't think I have the word power right now.
I'm on a deadline.
I'm kind of like clumsy and fumbling,
but I did imagine sharing it with you that Spencer's
been bumped out.
And I know that Spencer's not going to enjoy
anybody saying to him, like, you know,
it's tough with him.
Like, he's such a smart guy.
Like, you know, it's, I feel like it's important
to share that he's been in a funk.
I don't, even though, I bet, I'm sure he would,
if he had a butt and he'd go, well, no,
then don't, don't mention it because he's,
he doesn't, he's not, I don't think he's going
to get joy out of, like, a flood of digital get wells,
you know?
I, I, I.
I do.
Even if we don't, well, let's see what happens.
Well, sometimes, oh, that's right.
That's how I felt about wishing him a happy birthday was,
I kind of, I was like, you know, well, he probably
hates having happy birthdays said to him,
but this isn't for him.
When did he tell you he was a miserable motherfucker
who hated good shit?
No, he didn't tell me.
He's a pretty love and light kind of guy,
as far as I've seen, and, and get sort of that,
you get what you give and, and that.
Yeah, I don't need to make him sound like a curmudgeon.
Yeah.
He's, he's, he's not.
I think he would love a little love.
No, he's just very, he doesn't like.
He's shy.
Yeah.
He's, he's like, I don't want to say social anxieties
because the term, I mean, is it an anxiety
if you don't want to be in a crowd of fucking
warbling strangers?
It's like, it's like when people used to say
I had a Christ complex.
How do you know I'm not actually Christ?
It's true.
Those shoes.
Yeah.
Did you ever, this is a kind of a tangential thing,
but did you ever go to like Milwaukee days?
Do you guys have any of those festivals?
Summer Fest.
Summer Fest, were you that kind of person
who could do those?
I mean, yeah.
We were back in the comedy tent.
I mean, we would traverse like the crowds,
but we wouldn't stay there very long.
We would spend the rest of the day or the night
in the comedy tent.
I don't think I would have gone to Summer Fest
very often if, if we didn't have that like,
that little feeling of like you're going there
to work and there's a kid.
Yeah.
There's like this hidden area full of all the people
that you see every day, plus the occasional Bobcat Goldthwait.
Third Tom Kenny are going to show up
and you can hang out with them.
Yeah.
So Comic Con is the same.
When you guys are Comic Con,
you don't really walk the floor.
I can't do the exhibit floor anymore,
except maybe like Sunday before they like,
after they close.
It's like, it's really, that's pretty crazy.
I think everyone would agree,
but I think some people are maybe just more able
to handle something that they know is egregious,
which is like absolute zero control over your personal space
and when you walk and don't walk.
Like that gets, that's pretty, that seems,
that seems criminal, the exhibit floor at Comic Con.
Anyways, all right.
So, yeah.
Okay.
So this has been a long time coming.
I think I've, I think I've been thinking about this
for 30 years and I, it's like one of those things,
it's just a little thing in my, a little be in my bonnet
that I think it's come up recently
because of the amount of true crime I'm listening to.
So this phrase gets used a lot.
I hate this phrase.
There's no guest tonight, so fuck you.
Welcome to the show.
Oh God.
I guess I won't be talking when I shouldn't talk anymore.
I guess it's always my turn to say something about myself.
You gonna fuck that up.
Um, I, I accidentally read the fucking reddit before I came.
It's because I started going back there for porn
and like, I like the gone wild audio.
You ever do the gone wild audio?
It's, it's, it's like a, you can't get that anywhere else.
It's like a, it's like an open source community of people
that are just doing like audio porn.
So like role playing stuff like, like, oh hello,
you're here for your three o'clock appointment.
Just sit over here.
What do you mean you're French?
I don't, I made, I make, I'm making one up
because I've been conditioned now to not share.
Are you telling me?
Like what I'm going there for.
Is there, is there a Michael Winslow?
Yeah.
The Michael Winslow of, of gone wild audio.
It is, it is fascinating which people decide to use props.
Um, it's, it's very funny.
Like, like sometimes like, like, like, like, like women who,
who like, where did you get the impression it would sound like
that to fillate someone?
Like, like, like, like, like, are you, are you,
are you really good at it?
Is that why it sounds like that?
Like everyone else pretending to fillate?
Like, like, like, like, why does it sound like, like,
and then the other people like, whether or not they're going
to do space work and like, here, let me,
why don't you sit in this chair and then some people just
aren't content to let that be silent.
There's, there's like a chair sound.
Um, which is actually more distracting to me
because I'm picturing them like, like,
putting their foot on a chair or something.
It's like they're a one man band or a,
it's like a full act from SCTV or something.
Like, they got cowbells next to them.
It's like, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
What do you do with that finger?
I can't seem to maintain my erection.
I've got to shake this lightning paper.
There was, there was, there was one lightning paper.
That kind of was like, um, it involved, uh, two women.
There's like, there's, there's codes that,
that they use to put brackets.
And so it'll be like F4M, it means female voice recorded
for a male listener, assuming heterosexuality,
I suppose, the, the, uh, and then it's M4F,
which I should listen to a couple of times.
I'm sort of like, like, like, I've never actually heard
like a M4F, like, like, like, that seems like
that would be a whole world of like, I should do one.
I, I, like, like, um.
Right now?
Wow.
Shoes for sale.
Hello?
Uh, what?
Oh.
All right.
No, let me, I'm wearing like five tangents deep.
I just want to, I want to get to this thing.
But I, I went, I went to the, uh, I went to the subreddit
and it was like, oh, like somebody was like,
well, I listened to all 800 episodes and, uh,
uh, I'm all caught up.
And then everyone was like, I can read that thread.
That's not going to hurt me.
That's going to be like a fucking warm embrace
that's not even sugar coated.
It's just going to be like a general,
what do you, you know, 800 episodes.
And then it was just like everybody's chance
to just go like, when you get to this one,
that's when it really bad.
And all this gentleman was like, I don't, I don't,
I just, can you still say suck my dick?
Like, are you, is it like, is that like a suck my dick?
You know, just to say suck my dick to people,
like as a way of saying like a fuck yourself
or is that, is that, is that,
is that problematic because,
but anyone can suck a dick, right?
No, it takes a real genius.
For the clip show.
That one's for the 600th anniversary special.
No, you got better.
You got better than suck my dick.
Yeah, no, I mean, I imagine it's just like,
even if it's not technically,
I'm not one of these guys that's like,
is this, is this technically like,
I'm still allowed to, I just,
I was just kind of thinking about it
because I'm like, I know that more than ever.
Like I used to have a real addiction
to like saying the F word,
like as the gay derogatory F word,
like just real conversationally,
like probably all over this podcast, I bet,
because I was like, it was a hard habit to break.
Like, like, like,
Isn't that crazy?
Yeah, I mean, it's a lot of,
shit changes fast.
Yeah.
And just gay and retarded all over the place and,
and the, the, so therefore I,
I'm, I'm, I'm, I guess what I'm,
the thing, okay, well,
I guess my point is that the thing that,
out of all the habits that have,
feel like I've successfully killed verbally,
the, the thing that remains rattling
against the inside of my skull constantly
is I'm constantly wanting to just tell people
to suck my dick.
Like I haven't lost that.
Even though I have, I don't know,
I don't say it anymore.
It hasn't gone away.
Like the craving,
I just like feel like it's the thing
that I really want to say to everyone all the time.
This is like my dick.
Yeah.
Like, like, come on.
You got better.
But it, yeah, of course we've all got better.
We could all, we could all do better.
Some of us don't.
But, but really, you know,
there's a couple,
because of the great thing about suck my dick,
sort of being retired,
there's all these new ways of saying
awful shit to people.
Oh yeah.
Well, did you, did you see John Mulaney's
set?
The SNL set?
Didn't.
I mean, it's like,
I, I, I, I, it was really striking to me
because it was like,
you know, it was like debates
about like political correctness,
is it killing comedy, blah, blah, blah.
And it's like, it's a non-question.
It's just like, like,
the, the, the answer is sort of like,
do you, if you watch John Mulaney's set
on Saturday Night Live,
feel the craft,
feel the,
the unmistakable kind of objective humor
if there is such a thing.
Like, he kills it.
It's what you might call like just a,
just a, just a perfect set,
a solid set.
Like,
and then,
and then you,
like,
oh, do you think that he did this?
Do you think he wrote and performed this
by first having a debate about
whether he's allowed to say things?
The answer is, no,
I mean, if you haven't seen it,
I'll answer for you.
It's, it's, it's, it's, it's clearly coming
from a place of joy.
It just doesn't go into air.
It's, it's, it's, he, he's not,
he's not either mad that, that
the times have changed,
nor is he like,
wantonly stoked about
the new way to think things and stuff.
He's just nailing it, doing it.
And I think it just has to do with like
sincerity and kind of like being in the moment,
which I can no longer do.
But here's my,
here's the thing that I would like to
change about language.
Because I feel like it has antipathy,
inherent antipathy to it, this phrase.
I don't like it.
I'd like to eliminate it.
They were in the wrong place
at the wrong time.
Suck my dick.
Like, like, like,
first of all, forget about the fact,
I'm not, I'm not,
forget about the fact that if you're
in the wrong place at the wrong time,
you probably nailed it, right?
You probably avoided something terrible.
I would just think verbally,
but forget about that.
Like, like, because if you,
you're already in the wrong place,
so you don't want to be,
you don't want to be there at the right time.
It's the wrong place.
The right time to be there is
so something's wrong is going to happen.
Right.
Forget about that.
I just don't like the general,
like, it was just like,
like, like, I don't like the general,
like, way that it's used,
where it's always like,
yeah, I guess, I guess,
I guess the term is victim-blaming now.
Where it's like, like, like,
because it's just like,
something horrible happens
in these, uh,
podcasts you're listening to,
or you're like, oh,
and then you get ripped in half
by a gator or the,
the, the, the...
Yeah, it's like the true crime podcast.
Yeah.
And you're just listening
because you're like,
oh, God, I, I, I hope nothing bad
ever happens to me.
And, uh,
I don't know why you're listening.
It was just slowly going insane.
And, uh, it's just constantly
saying that over and over again.
Like, the people,
oh, they were just in the wrong place
at the wrong time.
Like, like,
the, the, the, the idea that
if I die tragically,
that's, that's the way it will be
characterized.
Yeah.
It kind of really makes me mad
in advance.
Like, my, I want to haunt people.
I wasn't in the wrong place
at the wrong time.
If I get hit by a bus,
I, I, I, it was, it was, it was,
it was a bad thing that happened.
I mean, do you have,
if you have plans
on how you want to die,
then sure, we can judge you.
Like if you were like,
man, I wanted to die somewhere sexy,
but I was at a gas station
at like three.
Right.
It's the wrong place
at the wrong time.
Type of death that I wanted.
Yeah.
You know, I wanted something bigger.
Is it the wrong place
for the kind of activity
I had in mind?
Right.
Yeah.
That's like, it is like,
the wrong place at the wrong time.
Again, just to come back to that,
it is like saying two lefts.
I mean, like you're,
you're, you've now turned right.
Yeah.
Because obviously it was the wrong
time.
Yeah.
It was already the wrong place.
Just don't be, don't be the right
place at the, at the wrong time.
What's the other one?
However, it doesn't work
in reverse.
If you're at the right place
at the wrong time,
you're in the best place.
I think it works the way zero
is in math do probably.
Or integers or whatever they call
them.
Two negatives.
Yeah.
I think that's about all I got.
I don't know.
I heard, I, okay.
So this happened.
So I have a trainer
and I go to the gym regularly,
but I'm going out of town.
Thank you.
There's a couple of trainers in
the audience.
Couple of clubs for self-care.
Yeah.
Okay.
So I'm going out of town.
I'm going.
Excuse me a second.
Going out of town next month.
So, uh, so, uh, I canceled my
trainer, my trainer.
So like, but they, but I've been
going there for like about four
years and they said, well, you've
accrued through like your trainer
canceling or you canceling or
whatever.
You've accrued like, like 30
extra days in there that you
paid for, you know, and if you
cancel it, if you cancel it,
they're just going to disappear.
And I was like, well, how many,
how many, uh, well, when, when
is my, if I cancel it today, when
does it up?
Well, it's up like in two weeks.
So I said, well, I'll just do
them in, in two weeks.
So I've been going to the fucking
gym.
Oh, you're just doing it every
single day for like two hours
thinking that I'm going to get
fucking stathom for Kate when she
comes back from her vacation.
Gotta get stathomed.
Yeah.
But I fucked up my back and I
can't like bend over to pick up
my socks.
So I'm the opposite of stathom.
Opposite of stathom.
I'm a 50 year old ex comic
book artist who can't pick up his
socks.
Have you seen Stathom's latest
movie?
It sounds like you have.
No, but I'll check it out on
Reddit.
He's got his own shop.
Oh, my God.
Chinese, Chinese gangsters come
in and kill everybody inside.
I need these comic books picked
up and socks.
I'm the man for the job.
Are you 50?
Yeah.
Yeah, govna.
What they didn't know.
Hey, you didn't pick up one sock.
That's because there was a baby in
it.
That's Chinese baby.
We take it to comic book store.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to
break my only rule.
Chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop.
Meow, meow, meow.
Jason Stathom is the 50 year old
ex comic book artist.
Who I actually I already I
conflated your job with the stuff
you're picking up off the floor.
Yeah.
No, no.
I added comic books all over the
floor.
Yeah.
But my my back is all fucked up.
It's like really like it's it's
fucked up and I've got like one
more session tomorrow and I'm
like, I don't know if I can do it.
I'm so close to the finish line,
but I don't know why I'm fucking
doing this.
I'm hurting myself because I'm
too much.
I'm like, the guy's going to go,
you know what?
Because what they were trying to
do, this is why I'm doing it.
They were trying to do, well, if
you pay for another month, you'll
be able to have more time to get
rid of those.
I'm like, I'm not going to give
you more money so I can use the
stuff I already paid for.
What planet are you from?
And planet drug dealer.
Planet drug dealer, he said.
All right.
But all right.
But you did.
It's not a zero sum game.
You rung a certain quantity out of
a rag and you're, okay, so one
drip is, this is my therapist
said, here's your expectation.
Which one?
Here's what you got.
That's how much you grieve.
So like, oh, I thought there was
going to be toothpaste this
morning.
Oh, there's no toothpaste.
You got to squeeze the fucking
crust out of a weird, like,
random toothpaste thing that you
found in the, but where you keep
the plunger.
Well, I wish that wasn't the
case.
I don't let that, you know, it's
like, one little, it's like, here's
what I wanted.
Here's what I got.
Here's how much I grieve.
Sorry, I got, I got, I got high.
It's better than, like, the, it's
better than me.
It's better than me just, I'm
I'm very frazzled right now.
I've been, I've been on a, I'm in
that, I'm letting people down on
a deadline.
I'm like, I'm in my pajamas in
bed and I'm like failing to write.
You know, we were talking to Adam
Conover about the blowback effect.
I, the thing that was most
striking to me about it in his
show is what they mentioned is
that the human brain receives not
knowing something as pain.
Which means guys like us, Rob,
we're like boxers.
We're just as macho, like,
like firefighters.
But if every call was, if there
were, there were no kitten calls.
I haven't gotten a kitten call.
By the way, why is that heroic
getting a kitten out of a tree?
Fucking easiest gig in the world.
They'd say a kitten, it's scared
to be in the tree.
Oh, finally.
Got a ladder, now you're a hero?
Come on.
You thought it was you two
he was talking about.
Yeah.
Wait, what?
Every time, every time
I bend over to pick up a sock,
my ass hurts.
My ass.
It's like a sciatic?
Yes.
Yes, exactly.
You pulled the nerve.
Yeah.
And it hurts.
You gotta keep stretching, man.
Do you want to go to my guy?
What?
My guy.
For your ass.
You want to go to his guy?
Simple.
What?
My guy did help me, but...
With your sciatic?
Yeah, I don't have back pain
anymore.
In fact, I stopped going to him.
Because one of the things he said
was like, you need better core
strength, so now I'm like doing...
So you stopped going?
He said...
Give it a long time.
You need more core strength.
Okay, can we cancel next week?
So I don't need you?
Yeah.
I mean, in a sense, but...
Problem solved.
I don't need...
How are you saying?
He's like, the reason...
You're going to continue to have a bad
back at your age because you're not...
You don't have a strong core,
so you get the belly in the front
and you got the back in the back.
You got the party in the back.
And so you should be...
You don't have any core, you know?
What?
Well, yeah, you're...
But that's what I've been doing.
I've been doing core.
I've been doing my shoulders.
I've been doing my legs.
I've been doing my back.
I've been doing my triceps.
Pussy and my crat.
Yeah, I'm not saying...
I'm not sending you to a coreologist.
I'm sending you to a chiropractor.
And just for some reason,
on my left ass,
every time I bend over to...
Or get out of a car
or walk the dog,
I'm in terrible pain.
Like, my left ass
is in a lot of pain.
Like, I'm almost...
I think I'm gonna fucking die sometimes.
Like, I'm like...
Like, getting out of the car
when I was...
Just to go to the show,
I thought I was gonna cry.
I was crying.
It's like an electrical jolt sometimes, right?
Like, from your ass down into your shoe.
And so, like a fucking genius,
I did this morning, I go,
oh, well, what I need is
which we've talked about before.
I get out of the bathtub
and I put Ben gay on my left ass
and it mixes with the water
that's already on my ass
and it drips down my ass crack.
My ass is on fire.
Did you see that?
Like, I was gonna do this and I went,
oh, there's a pylon and I went...
No.
I can't, I'm not gonna look
at the guy that's making the tiger sound.
I'm not gonna look at him.
I'm afraid that I can't touch
the guy that wants to get on the show so bad.
Tigerman!
I only listened past episode 400
because that's when Tigerman gets involved.
Remember when that blind guy came
and he was great and then we were like,
you're gonna come again and he was like,
fuck you.
I was using you, I'm blind.
I don't remember this.
Yeah, it was just one show.
He came up and he killed, the audience loved him
and it was like, oh man,
this fun,
this sharp,
out of nowhere blind guy
that starts coming up on the show
and I'm sure he's like,
yeah, I'm sure everyone feels that way.
I'm fucking blind and dealing with it.
I'm not your fucking
candle to put on your coffee table.
I really miss that guy.
Anybody remember that episode?
Was that Meltdown?
I feel like it was still Meltdown.
Well, we'll have to
look up
what episode that is.
I think there's a reference
to him in the title.
New favorite show, almost through it
because there's only two seasons.
Love After Lock Up.
I
I'm telling you, man.
Love After Lock Up.
Tiger Man
wants to say what?
Love After Lock Up.
I don't know why I thought that would discourage him.
I don't know why
bringing attention to him
didn't discourage him from doing it more.
It's about people
and it's about people
who
mostly
who meet
and then
who meet their mates
through
meetandinmate.com
and sites like that.
Yeah, well that's the first thing
it was a mindblower.
I'm telling you,
it's like
there's a lot of VH1 style
editing to it where
you play Minecraft
or watch it with a partner
because there's a lot of opportunity
to just talk
because every time someone says
well,
Damon,
I'm starting to have doubts about
whether he's playing it this way
because of what happened at the airport
and as soon as they reference anything
it's going to immediately cut to a senior
you already saw at the airport real quick
but if you can get over that
you can.
It's crazy, these stories
get through the first season, the second season
is like three times
crazier.
Example,
Jamarius didn't tell me that he had another family
before he was locked up
and now we all live together.
Well, there is
what's his name?
Jamarius.
There is one girl
who doesn't know.
There's a lot of
there's going to be a lot of like
didn't he wrestle Cerberus?
When Christina
first looked me up on
prisonday.com, you know
she told me she was okay with my situation
but she's not okay with my situation.
Well, here's what's crazy.
Murder.
They did, it's
it's all across
the gender and racial spectrum
like
you gotta stop, man.
You gotta stop.
It's going to go Adam Goldberg so fast.
That's another that's something first
I didn't know I had preconceptions about this stuff
but when I heard about love after lock up
I just immediately first of all pictured
the kind of
the women that
like to the inmates
and then it's like
what's going on with them
and you got these preconceived notions
like, okay, no, there's just as many
guys doing it
with these female inmates
and here's the crazy thing is
what's the similarities
the crazy thing is the stuff that crosses
all lines of
of gender and race
I guess are the two lines I don't know
say class like the monopoly guys getting out of prison
there's no episode like that
but I was kind of like
blown away at an almost
uplifting humanistic
way to say like, oh my god
like
stories this extreme
gender is an artificial construct because
what's really defining these people
is whether you're out of prison
or in prison, that's the two
genders in these relationships
and the people who are out of prison
I hope
I hope there's not an exception
to this because they would definitely
not deserve to be lumped in this way
and I don't want to
judge anybody ever for
the rest of my life but I'm like fascinated
by the fact that like it seems
like all the people that are out of prison
that are going to
these prison sites
to find a mate
it's like
they all are
going there because in every
sense of the phrase on both
levels of the phrase
they like the idea of having
a prisoner for a mate
so that includes
after they get out like these
in whatever way that you're capable
of expressing it like these people are like
oh this is their recourse to control
like they want
to be
awarding in a relationship
now that sometimes that takes the form of
like toxic masculine
like there's like crazy
the characters on this show
you're going to learn their names
and be like
there's no boring ones
and actually
I feel like I'm learning about relationships
because it's so extreme
it's so dysfunctional
out of the gate that it's sort of like
that's not good learning
no
don't use this guide man
use this as a guide man
I'm sure
there's a metaphor that would suffice about it though
because it's like you're talking about
going down
to the shore and watching
where ocean
pounds into a rock
so that you can build better
pneumatic pipes and things
where you're like I want to understand
the dangerous forces
that are at play
when two people that don't want to be alone
got their
hooks in each other in various ways
because
in more healthy
relationships then oh I went
to a prison site and started
writing this person
relationships with more healthy starts to that
the
undercurrent of
of materialism this idea
of like well this person just needs to eat
they just got out of the joint
like they're trapped in this relationship
or they're taking advantage
of someone
usually exactly both
in this crazy
like ants
mating
colliding in the air and tumbling
as they fuck to the earth
where like both needs being filled
both killing each other
it's like I need
control over a human being
I have a you know and the other person is like
I need a sandwich
and
and it's just like
it is truly
intense man
I can't recommend it enough there's a
there's a million
reality shows I'll recommend one more just to
show that it's not like oh Dan you watch
a reality show and you're like
not desensitized to them so your
old man thinks reality shows are interesting
no I don't
but I but it's this kind of real quick
it's this kind of a point that you had when he
asked last week about is it
real life and real life does
it adapt to script
and I think there's something interesting about what you point out is the very
rawness of the lack of storyline
these are just real characters that are super dynamic
yeah and but you and you're also like
pulling these characters out of it because it's like it goes through
these shades of like
you can eat you can so easily
go oh he's the mark
he's the trick you know she's
she's a sociopath like it's the same
way like like on any
sidewalk or shopping mall
where you might be people watching and you
it's not like we
it's not like the human mind
has a question mark in place of an opinion
about a stranger you know like until
they get more data it's like we know exactly
who's racist like
that man's racist you'll find out later if you're right
but
it like like so you watch
these stories and it's like you go like oh
oh I feel bad for him
because like the guy the way he's talking
about it's like well I've known Sasha for
nine months I mean I've never talked
I've never seen her in person but I've been sending her
money and and and all that stuff and you're like
okay my pity's going over there
and then she I'm making one up
I don't want to spoil it really any other real ones
but it's like and then and then and then she gets
out and you're like this poor guy
and and it's just like
it's not even just like it flips to
oh this guy's a monster
it's like while it's flipping to
it's he's he's a monster
it's also you're
you're kind of like you're learning more
about why she might
be well why was she in prison and
like like like and and what is she
supposed to fucking do and and again
like it's it's
it makes no difference if it's
a dude like the dudes
are like fucking you know
they could snap the woman's
neck but it changes nothing about
the dynamic on that fundamental level
that there's one person who's like
I just got out of prison I really want to
sit in a lawn chair in my backyard
and drink a beer and stare at the sun
and and the other
person is like
I have decided
a year ago that I am in love with this
person and they need them to get a job
and and and it's
just like wow away we go
Rock'em Sock'em Robots
like like and and and
and I really magic casting that shit
and the thing about it is
is that after a while
you kind of like start to realize that
oh you know
yeah nobody's
getting out of prison with
autonomy like it's just sort of like
that starts to feel like
like like the bullet a bull
fight coming out and they're like
what's that dirt in the in the back
well that's like
right blend of chemicals that they're used to
handicap this animals natural
strengths over the humans that have
the swords so like
it's like well everyone's coming out of prison
completely addicted to being told
what to do and also
having some kind of oppositional defiant like
impulse in them they're probably addicted to
some chemical that they were either being supplied
in prison and or it certainly
did not get like adequate treatment
for their addiction to and
and a slew of other crazy
like personality
dysfunctions that it's just really fun
to watch I mean I would I would
I would stop talking about it but I don't
there's no you got number two
what's the recommendation number two
it's it's it's not
as exciting I just thought it was a really good well produced
reality show it's about like the
remember I think I might have mentioned it before
that
that it's the
real life version of the movie Nightcrawler
it's the guys that I can't remember the name
of the show now it's the it's the guys that go
around LA and they shoot
like news footage at like three in the morning
like car accidents and like
chases and whatever news
and there is like three
three companies that are in competition
with each other and they all have histories with each other
and as that was a really
really fun show to watch
are those um are those
guys the same as paparazzi in that
I know it's paparazzi but I say paparazzi
are they the same
are they the same background
are they like LA locals
or are they transplants from like Eastern Europe
uh well it's the the show
opens with and is produced by
and you're kind of like oh these are the these are the guys that are
my favorite and they also it's their the show
that they made but uh
but it's it's like
British brothers and the
the first guy is just like he
he he's an adrenaline junkie
like he he
he as far as he is concerned
chasing police
and ambulances or
or or or just trying to
use the freeway system to get
to an intersection point where
you're gonna get the perfect like that adrenaline
is his idea of a perfect job
and then the only dilemma is
how am I gonna get paid to do this
like in a way that's gonna also feed my family
and like while other people
are like doing it differently in a way that's gonna
box the mon-pop
uh uh corpse filming
uh out of the market
it's a real crime what happened to the small
business
it's sort of like uh uh cheaters
there's two uh two hosts but
one of them is clearly like into it
cheaters yeah oh that
show where they go catch the people cheating
yeah there's two hosts because the
first guy got stabbed
didn't they get stabbed I always thought they were I thought they were
am I wrong about this aren't there two
dude yeah there's two thank you
only one dude out here watching cheaters
um
one of them is like okay let's go
and the other one's like why are you here
don trail
like he's just really takes it personal
maybe maybe maybe one of them's a cheater
yeah so they're like
well I'm I'm good
at hosting the show because I have cheated
I'm not
gonna lie my heart's not in it
I kind of wish the guy would get
away
just what I just want to feel a little
vicarious calm about
cheating
but I do know where they're gonna be
and like that's part of their job
if you guys see the commercial for the show
about the like the task force that
handles child abduction
and the gimmick is that
there's a new member of the team
she was a child abductee
and they don't but and I was like
that's a little
that's a little silly and Cody's like well no it's not
she would do that on SVU like
you can relate to victims the
no I'm like yeah as a victim like if you
had a trauma like that that's
but but they play it in the commercial
like she like like it's like
her superpower like she's like
I was abducted once check that
shed
they love sheds
you only
knew one of them
you're not a ghost buster
you're not men in black
I
there was a shadow in men and
what have you been doing since you've had a house to yourself
um no no no
no no no
no no no no no no no
I've been I've been watching a lot of TV
been talking to my masturbate
past the point where like nothing comes out
just a little bang
sign
not for a while
Cody went away for a week
she's gone
no she's back now
Kate's gone until Saturday
it's hooked up when
when they leave because you really do
you really do beat the little man up
and then they come back and they look at it
and they're like what the fuck did you do
while I was gone
and you're like
yeah
the little man
it's just not uh
he's got a suit on
the little man
you beat the little man up
it's very good with Cody
like I never had a really
like well
like now when I
it's just like
it's like a hafsey thing now
like I'm like oh
you can't simulate
anymore
like a relationship where it's like kind of
it's uh
what is this it's not humble bragging
I'm just bragging
but I never
experienced it before where it was like
like okay well
there's like a habit in my head where I'm like ooh
time to jerk off
like carte blanche but
I can jerk off whenever I want
in a healthy relationship and then on top of that
the real thing is
kind of open and
deep and
deep
and loose and there's an echo
and um
the real
the real thing is
it's voluminous
and then it's like
now it's kind of like this childish thing
where I'm like it's like a compulsion
and then
it just feels like a little
craft project
like it's just like a
but it won't stop me from doing it again
and I was wondering if you
like a craft project
like Elmer's glue
like what is that
glitter glue
yeah it's the
closest thing you'll ever hear in your life
no
can we pretend we have a guest so I can
sit down? sure
alright
wow the stage is empty tonight
three lonely microphones
sitting alone
why don't you interview the microphones
pretend they're guests
yeah let's get a little feedback
microphone number one
good evening
that was for all the dads
it was for all the dads
not proud of it
had to do it
we've got our
uh
British
ladies of true crime
coming uh what's it March 10th
is that gonna be let be next week
these are the hand people
March 11th
I say this just in case
you know there's an episode coming up
where I'm going to be interviewing people
and they have a podcast so
if you want to get out
in front of it you'll have
familiarity with that
don't we have a clip from that episode
that we could show tonight to get people
interested why don't we just check out the clip
check out the clip there
just turn around and look
you fucking idiot there's no clip
how would we have a clip
it's in the future
do you stand up the whole time
it depends
why don't you be the guest
take a take a load off
nobody will hear about me
now not true we can
I'm not that good an interviewer
we're not gonna learn that much about you
I uh I
we can always pull somebody up too
no don't
I wish I could go back in time
and stop just let me
let me
let me come around
to that idea
I just want to have
a sense of control and comfort in my life
I just want
permission to like myself again
I just want to
get over my approval addiction
my narcissism
my
fluctuating weight
I would like
I need a new pair of shoes
I
my
my here's something relatable
I uh
like at least
two of my
six surveillance cameras are hardly
weatherproof
like hello
when it's raining
is when I want to see
if there's someone outside
I'm sorry I'm foggy
when it's raining oh great
great because when does anyone ever
had a creepy
person outside their house in the rain
you you got to get on those neighborhood
things on on like Facebook
those uh the next door app
I got my next door next door is too much
they want too much info they'll give out
like your fucking location I know it feels like it's
such a weird thing I'm like I might my name
is uh night writer
on there because I'm like well it just
seemed like well my
because
like because like Cody used like a code name
and I'm like but other people are clearly not
using a code name and then I'm like like
because because I gave my first
piece of advice because somebody lost their cat
and I was like hey I think
I saw your cat in my backyard and
they had identified it as an outdoor cat
and I was like you I really don't want to
be this this guy and I wouldn't say
this if if I had seen anyone
else say it because I you're none of
my beeswax but got major
coyote shit going on up here
and uh
and I had to say where I was
I'm like oh I'm right up here and I'm like
well so what is it yeah
I'm agreeing with you I'm like
how can you have like a next door
app kind of thing without everybody just
having your address here it's
it's not like there's a
Facebook
on the old Facebook every neighborhood
has a group right and you can get on
you don't have to you don't have to like
do anything other than just look at that page
because it'll tell you what's going on immediately
like somebody will be like I heard
gunshots and then four or five people will
be like I heard gunshots in this look at and you
can you don't have to use you know
you don't have to give up your actual like info
I had a friend
I don't know I I
don't know if they want credit for this insight
or not so I'm going to give them their anonymity
but I have a friend who
we were talking about the next door app
and they said
it's just a
I don't know how they phrased it but they basically
implied like
it's just making people more racist it's just
a bunch of people
saying there's a
a brown skin girl
casing my house
and people are like now just using the word
casing to
refer to pedestrians in their neighborhood
like everyone wants to be the first person
to notice someone casing their house
that's why Facebook's great
because there's a
there's a lot of different ethnicities watching people
post
so if somebody's like took a picture of this dude
I think he stole my bike
but 50 people
I need to try to understand
this thing though because to the
extent that it's
accountable to the planet
how is it
I guess the idea is
if you seal it off
then that's like the psychological
equivalent of a gated community it kind of promotes this
sort of white flight maybe mentality
where it's like
our neighborhood is precious
as opposed to our neighborhood
is something that only we care about
and it keeps it positive it's a permeable membrane
it's like greenhouse gas
like you need to get that shit
out
you can't trap it in
you can't have them in the greenhouse for sure
if you're comporting yourself
when you talk to your neighbors about your neighborhood
in a way that is
suitable for the planet to comment on
that's a good
exercise
yeah it keeps us all neighborly
if you know that you have to speak about the neighborhood
in a way that your neighbors won't get pissed about
here's the thing that I already hate
I knew I was going to see it
it's the
architecture snobbery
the way people force it in
it's like a running gag
someone will go lost cat
I lost my cat
it's named vanilla it answers to anything
because it's a fucking cat
it's never answered anything in its life
its brain is a cluster of nerves in its head
and it owns us
but I love cats
sorry
I derailed myself
I haven't seen my cat
there will be a couple comments
I had a cat like that once
I think I saw that cat
third one will be
well maybe
it broke its own neck
while turning it
away from the eyesore
on the corner of
and then everyone's like that fucking piece of shit
who builds
right out to the property line
I hate modern architecture
I don't know
you will lose hours looking at that shit
because on Facebook they're mad that the Whole Foods
360 is now just going to be a regular Whole Foods
it's like a huge deal
I guess some of that stuff I find important
but I draw the line
I know why I draw the line because it's something
I don't know about
but I just feel like
well god damn
we sell each other
lots of land
in these
parcels
you're not even allowed to dig down
just AT&T owns
everything five feet underneath your
fire hydrant and mobile
it's licensing any aluminum
you might find from
you don't even really own the fucking land anymore
if you want to build a tree house
and
if they want to they can come kick it down
and right
Jew on your forehead
maybe I'm exaggerating
but it just feels like those are the times we're living in
and
the
if you
I just can't stand that idea that on top of
that then your neighbors are like
judging you based on
like
his front door is like
right next to the sidewalk
that's what they want
who cares
because they have a general
I understand that they're maybe more classically educated
I don't think there's something wrong with me
because I just don't care
I definitely would never notice
the fucking eyesore
I would be like
how does that affect me
why spend time thinking about it
the only thing that I'll think is that I'll go
like well maybe for those people
maybe when they look out their
front door when they walk their dog
maybe they're having
maybe they have the same
uncontrollable reaction to looking down
their sidewalk
that I have maybe looking at your punctuation
or something
I'm not a grammar master but like if you use the wrong form of your
maybe some people just couldn't give a piss
about that and they won't get hung up about it
and
and maybe
maybe if it's
if I could understand that everyone was
just being the way that they really are
yeah but you're a writer
and you're a word person
like your
your life is words
these people are just looking at a house
and they're not architects
they're not door builders
they're not like
lying drawers
but my vocation isn't the reason why I
that's a
product of the fact that I
care about the aesthetics
of letters on a screen
you know like
I'm not
it's kind of an LA thing
to shit talk
architecture
I guess it makes me feel insecure
because I feel like a
lower class person that like made good
and moved to LA and I was just like
I've never felt like
like I understand you can't buy
this you know and then like I just have this
panic when people are like
you know
what are these people Armenian
what do they have columns in their
thing and it's like
because they work their whole life
to fucking have a house
they're like columns
they want their house to look like yours
everyone wants to be the first act of beetle juice
I just
we always give this place a hard
it's a weird thing I think
people in LA tend to shit talk it
you get to this period where you don't shit talk it
and then I think you shit talk it again
after like after your first year here you're like
fuck this place there's no jazz and no tall buildings
and there's no downtown and then you love it
there's no jazz and tall buildings
right and then
where should I live where should I live
and then five years later you're like fucking traffic
and I can't pay my rent and then ten years later
you're like into the groove and you're not complaining
about that shit but you're complaining you're like
look at this fucking French gate
Spanish house with this Japanese
roof
who put astroturf on a porch I paid too much
rent to have to live across the street
from that hodgepodge house
it's like settling in it's like
the Steve Martin observation
about how it's beautiful that everyone that
comes out here can be in their own world
that actually is
still a valid observation
I think
but like there maybe
I'm gonna sound like a really
jaded nasty
person but I'll just
if I choose my words
right everyone's gonna like me right
it almost
seems like what you're describing is like
you settle into kind of a
well I guess I live in LA
now in spite of the fact that I really
don't want to anymore
or you're like you're
kind of like well I guess this is where I live now
like and it's not because
I'm like I got an audition on Thursday
that might like mean
my few like like LA is like
very much thrives on
this anticipation energy
but there's certainly not
enough anticipation to go around for the
however many millions
of people live in LA so
that many people do have to
provide us with the foundation of a society
which is for them to settle in and go like
well this neighborhood hasn't been the same
since they opened
that booby-boob you know
but most people are like
I don't give a fuck
I'll throw a stickers bar out the window
I'm about to be Spielberg
it makes you feel that's why
I always send a special shout out
to people from Los Angeles
because I'm like you guys have to put up with so many people
coming here and fucking this place up
it's amazing that they hang on to any authenticity
and I think one of the ways that they do that
is by complaining about the shit that we build
because we missed Wisconsin
we missed Kansas so we're like
I gotta build the fucking house out of wood
instead of building what they actually build without it
here so you see these neighborhoods that are like
ding dong ding all sorts of different shit
and I think that's how we live
we live by complaining about the place
but loving it
well I wish they could put a
I wish they could remember the love a little bit
I think Los Angelinos love it
love hating
gaudy
houses
I just want them to smile then
when you love something
I think the locals
love it they're from here they don't leave
they don't kick us out
they don't make it too hard to transplant here
I think it's
I think it's us we get here and we're like
oh give me my shit
and then LA is like
and if you're lucky
you live here long enough to complain
about the pogoda
that just got built
I mean I guess
but then okay I'll
I'll
join in I'll process
myself I'll go
okay but Dan you're telling me that there's nothing
that your next door neighbor can do
to make you want
to raise a complaint
with some council or something
well I think probably not
ever never I mean I can't imagine that
but I will I mean
a thing that would make me
wish that they would do something
different I guess it would just be about the kind
of empirical
demonstrations of
squalor they're like like like so
while I while here I am sitting here
saying to people who have an opinion about
a
gray slab of concrete like
right that you have to steer around
when you drive past their house
because they wanted to make the most out of every
square inch of the property they
they they they're built on
and I'm saying to those people have a complaint
about that hey relax
but well okay it's
worth noting that if you had an engine block
on your front lawn
well I probably would never come to
say anything about it except to
Cody I would I would
every time I saw it I'd be like well you make it
look like we're unhappy
you know so I have I have aesthetic opinions
they're just lower class ones
band practice
those are the two words that would get you to speak
to your neighbor
I don't know I mean I've sat
in my bed and there's been like
people playing music so loud
that I got neighbors
texting me yeah they're like
is that you know it's not
I think that so-and-so I don't know who it is
it's loud over here too
I Cody
while I wasn't there once
went over and talked to some people I think there's a near B&B
near my place Rob
Cordry stayed there snitch
no he
he snitched
he was doing work at his house
and he saw my Wi-Fi
at the Airbnb he was staying at
remember
how did he know it was yours
it's this Harmon Wi-Fi
and I still
haven't changed it I still haven't changed it
you got to encrypt that shit
come on
my Wi-Fi you get what you deserve
I hope
you I hope you access my camera
at just I hope you're in the
wrong place at the wrong time
choke on it
choke on me rubbing my nipple while I
grunt horrible
minotaur like
expressions under my breath
I love it
I don't know if I say anything while I
check it out
like I'm a Superman
can tell you
Superman
if you were in a feud with Superman
like you could
the cool thing is that if you had like a
confrontation with him in public he could be like
you fucking cocksucker
you know I can hear you right
what are you talking about nerd
I
wanna kill your fucking family
my family's not on earth
why are you obsessed with your family
everyone has a why are you talking to me
I don't even know you
wanna fucking
destroy your life
I would love it if Lex Luthor
talk like that
why are you talking to me I don't even know you
stop it leave me alone
oh my god
get over yourself
once
I've been watching a lot of DC
stuff
last couple weeks
there's a
there's an episode
it's a series of comic books and then they made a
direct to video movie out of it
now you've got my attention
DC
DC you think
well because he's paying attention he's like
oh you've been staying in bed for two weeks in your
pajamas and you're watching a lot of DC stuff
and you're chasing a deadline
and you're not
but the
there's this
there's this series where Batman and
Superman it's called Batman and Superman
and it's about public enemies
you see that one
they made a direct to video movie
with it and
Lex Luthor's president
and it's not live action
who's playing Batman
I don't know who's playing Batman and Superman
that's interesting to see all of the same guy
watching all the Lego and the Paldini and the whatever's
on the Frinnie Mini
sometimes it's Chris Parnell is playing Superman
and
It's funny, like recognizing voices and see how Tom Clancy,
Tom Clancy, Clancy Brown.
Tom Clancy.
You know, Tom Clancy.
I have never not called Clancy Brown Tom Clancy
the first time.
Clancy Brown is all this so consistently Lex Luthor.
I really like his voice.
We got Tom Clancy to be the voice of Superman.
That's amazing.
What does he sound like?
I've only read his voice.
Do you think Tom Clancy is at all alive?
Has anyone ever seen him?
Isn't he like Chef Boyardee?
There's no, how could he ever?
There's no fucking way Tom Clancy is anything but a
talking night vision scope on the mantle of a unicorn's dream.
What would he be?
He's more idea than person.
I mean, he's like a heart and lung machine
like going like, what's the latest kind of assault rifle?
Are they like bringing video games by and going like, Tom,
it's another call of duty type thing,
but there's a zombie add-on pack and it's just,
it's still got your name on it.
Give me that.
Put my glasses on, Sophia.
Yeah.
Alone in a world he didn't create.
What is this shoe leather?
Get rid of that.
Is this first person?
It's actually over the shoulder third person.
Wrong answer.
Goodbye, Clancy out.
Add another Ion lithium cell to my space station.
Tom Clancy's 240 years old if he's a day.
Yeah.
Or was he, when we were watching a hunt for red October,
was Tom Clancy like a greaser?
Was he like, hey, chickadees, hey, baby, relax.
I'm 16, I'm wearing a leather jacket.
I just wrote this hunt for red October, baby.
Because otherwise he's 200 years old today.
Right.
Because that was a million years ago.
It's the greatest impression of a 16 year old ever.
Hey, we're going to go to lovers lane.
Come on, it's all about so we locked.
We locked Tom Clancy for the voice of Superman
and Mr. Warner Bros.
I think you're going to like what we've done.
We've watched the tape here comes super big.
Is this a private party?
Or can anyone join Luther?
You've gone mad.
Do you really think the Justice League will bow to your campaign?
You need to get out of here, Superman.
It's me, Anne Rice.
This party doesn't need you.
I'm Catwoman, Anne Rice.
Anne Rice is Catwoman.
Is she supposed to say her name?
Was I supposed to say my name?
No.
I can see through your clothes.
I've got vampire sight of Anne Rice, Catwoman.
Oh, my God.
She's combining her own mythology with the...
Stop looking at the camera when you're thinking
about saying stuff out loud.
I can't go to Atlantis.
Aquaman's depth filters out the radiation from the yellow sun.
Sapping my strength.
Hey, I'm Dean Arcoons, and I'm Aquaman.
Dean Arcoons.
I'm Dean Arcoons.
I'm Aquaman.
All right, everybody.
Let's get into my Aquabush.
And Dean Arcoons is going to take you all the way down.
Everybody get on board, you know?
Why is everyone identifying themselves?
Okay, okay.
Let's just cut the chatter.
I know I talked to fish.
Let's get past that.
That joke hasn't been funny for 30 years.
All right, everybody get on the bus.
We're going down.
Which way?
Where are we going, Supes?
I hope up.
So I can gather strength.
All right.
We can only go to the surface of the water, though.
This isn't a flying Aquabus.
We can't go anywhere we want to.
It's me, Frozone, played by Alex Haley of Roots fame.
Frozone?
It's a crossover.
From an incredible...
From a Blacksploitation G.I. Joe?
What's Frozone?
Who's Frozone?
Incredibles.
From the Incredibles.
He said it's Frozone?
We had a toy tie-in, so they asked me to stop by.
This is my super suit.
His name's Frozone?
Frozone.
That's kind of cool.
I should watch that movie.
Actually, I saw the first Incredibles.
Did everybody suffer this effect when the Incredibles 2 came out?
Didn't you think it was Incredibles 3?
Because the Incredibles was so long ago, but also to their credit, it was so...
It hit the spot.
It felt like you had...
You're like, I must have been two Incredibles movies because it's been long enough to be a third one.
They referenced it.
If I was a person working... Oh, they did?
They referenced the amount of time it took.
If you worked on the Incredibles, I didn't see the second one, but...
Loved it.
But I wanted to let you know that my reaction to your advertising was good job on the first movie.
So get that gun out of your mouth, you little 3D modeler.
You're in a cubicle on a sun ray.
That thing's going to slowly move up like the handicapped lady in the Gremlins chair.
Take you all the way upstairs to a Gremlin-free retirement.
So let's show that clip.
We don't have it?
We don't have it.
George R.R. Martin as the Flash.
I have formed a perimeter around the bank.
Okay, so there's a Flash TV series, right?
Yes.
Right.
Okay.
Are there...
It's already canceled after 10 seasons.
It premiered yesterday.
It's such a fast show.
For the dads out there.
I want to know this, and I know I've never watched the show.
Are there any episodes where it doesn't end with him not running fast?
Oh.
Because if there are, why am I tuning in?
You know?
I mean, seriously, okay, like, okay, well, at the end of the episode, shit, how are we
going to get that?
We're going to run fast.
Like, na na na na na.
I mean, like, really?
I mean, like, is there any episodes like, you know, I'm not going to run fast this week.
I'm just going to use my detective mind to figure out who stole the jewels and all the
cops are like, yeah, maybe just maybe run fast.
Like, we'll tell you, we'll tell you the clues and you can, like, cover more ground.
Yeah, you're not, you're not really here because, because you're a really good detective.
You're here because you run fast.
But why don't you, why don't you run fast and leave the drive into us?
Okay, you know, why don't you run fast?
I mean, what do they do the third episode?
Do we have, do we have any hardcore flash fans?
Like, like, like, like it's like your jam.
Oh, good.
It's that section.
Is it the, are you?
No one.
Yeah, I love that this audience was like, no, you're not, man.
Knowing that this is a temple in which honesty is rewarded above all, are you Tiger Man?
Okay.
Do you want to come up and talk about the flash?
We won't pick on you.
Because also you could have been Tiger Man.
That was my point.
Like, like we don't, we don't judge anybody here.
So you know, you know a lot about, you want to come up and share your love of the flash.
Well, you could also stay right there.
Oh, that'd be great too.
It was just a fucking passing impulse.
I mean, it's not the price, right?
If you're waiting for him to ask a fourth time, if you come up on stage, it might not happen.
Okay.
Oh, there you go.
For a fan of the flash, you are walking pretty slow.
Well, that might be, that's, Superman was created by the two, like, like, like Jewish kids that
are like, what'd you say to Brandon?
What'd you say to Brandon?
Brandon left.
Brandon just left.
What'd you say to Brandon?
What's your name?
Jacob.
Jacob?
Yeah.
Do your friends call you Jocko?
Is that what you said, Jocko first?
Eat that, eat that mic as a rule.
Jocko is my last name.
Oh, wait, your name's Jacob Jocko?
Jocko, yeah.
Oh, Jacob Jocko?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, sorry, we, I guess we doxed you.
I guess the kid's calling that.
We can edit your full name out if you want.
That's easy.
I don't mind, it's fine.
All right.
People will find you on Facebook and you'll, your life will be ruined.
Okay.
You having a donut with an Oreo on it?
Somebody gave those to us as a gift.
Thank you, whoever gave us the donuts.
Thank you.
Jacob, give us some background.
If you look a little young, can you tell us how old you are?
Otherwise, I won't ask.
I'm 36.
Okay.
Well, you're taking good care of yourself.
I gave up a little while ago.
Yeah.
I never ask people I think are over 30 how old they are.
So I thought you were like 12.
Fantastic.
You have as many donuts as you want.
I would keep going, yeah.
So you live in LA?
Yeah, I live in Venice Beach.
Okay.
What's the, do you drink alcohol?
All the time.
Great.
Do you want some?
I just wanted to make sure that you did because there's alcohol.
Okay.
When does your relationship with the flash start?
I read comic books my whole life, but I watched even the old 90s series of the flash, but
I've watched a new one too.
Was there a TV series in the 90s that was the flash?
Yeah.
I vaguely remember it as a kid.
Mark Hamill was on it.
Was it like CWB?
What was it?
It was right after like the first Tim Burton Batman.
Wait, what?
What did you say?
It was right after the first like Tim Burton Batman.
It was like 1990.
Yeah.
I think I vaguely remember that.
It was David Duchovny, right?
Is the flash?
I don't think it was David Duchovny.
It just didn't work.
He just has this like natural kind of, I don't want to say he's sluggish, but people don't
admire him for his speed.
Yeah, it's not quite him.
You slow down on that donut, man.
You got a lot of work to do.
You got a lot of work to do, bro.
You can put it down, man.
Don't let him flash shame you, man.
Maybe you eat your donuts fast.
But yeah, just take us into your...
So here's my thing with the flash.
You were mentioning him and you were asking about his cop work.
He's a CSI agent.
Yeah, so he does like the background work and he's more than just fast.
So he doesn't need the superpower.
It's just a bonus.
No, no.
I would imagine...
I would imagine it's pretty valuable as a CSI agent to get...
Yeah, it's just a bonus.
Best superhero ever.
Oh my God.
He's a really good detective.
He contributed to society before he had the flash powers and then he was flashed.
It was great.
Is the CSI agent gig, is that like the equivalent of Clark Kent's Daily Planet gig?
That's his alter ego?
Yeah, basically.
Is that Barry Allen?
Is that his name?
Barry Allen, yeah.
And so when he's fighting crime, he's not.
He's like, okay, does he...
This is the thing about the flash that I don't understand because it's sort of like if there
was a character named the breather and he was like, I breathe, I get more oxygen per...
There's a so what question of it.
It's kind of like he's moving...
He's going to move faster than regular narrative.
So if he's fighting the kingpin, the kingpin is going to be like, I'm going to rob that
bank and then the flash is like, I heard you're going to rob...
Anyways, what does he do?
What does the flash do?
Does he punch people?
Yeah, mostly at the end of episodes, he'll punch people sometimes.
Faster than they can block it, which is just punching down.
Eat that mic a little bit.
How... me?
No, you always...
How does being fast make him a better detective other than catching somebody that's running
away?
Other than that, I mean, like, does he find clues faster?
Does he clean up his desk quicker?
It's mostly all camera, but I think he's running the test faster, maybe.
Tests.
What tests?
He has to take tests?
Blood tests.
Blood tests with a mixing motion.
He does that faster than a human being.
Yeah, you gotta...
He's titrating really fast and...
All right.
But that's all.
That's like Clark Kent maybe types faster when no one's looking.
But that's him when he goes to work.
Right.
The flash doesn't fight crime by swabbing anything, I assume.
Otherwise, he wouldn't wear that outfit.
He would just wear a lab coat and be fast.
He gets in that outfit when something requires it.
Right.
And so he's out there and he's gonna run fast, and by running fast, he's saving the day from
villains.
Right.
By catching them.
Catching them, hitting them with lightning.
He has lightning powers?
If he runs in a circle fast enough, he can shoot lightning at people.
And he does that all the time.
Every third episode, at least.
Why not every episode?
I mean, you should be using that to open the door.
You would think, but no, he kind of saves it.
That's his budgetary reason.
That's his blazing sword.
Does he punch and kick a lot?
Because it seems like you could say, I mean, Jackie Chan's efficacy is a lot of training,
but also like, oh my god, he's so fast.
Right.
So here we have the fastest guy in the world.
So like, even if he's not Jackie Chan, which would actually be kind of funny if he wasn't.
That would be amazing if he was just like, kind of like, and but he's just so fast.
He gets like nine attacks in before.
That's actually more like what he does.
He's not very effective, but he throws them out a lot.
Okay.
Let me ask you this.
So he can run fast.
He could move his legs really fast.
And he can move his arms fast.
He can move his fingers fast.
And he could probably blink fast, right?
He could read fast.
Okay.
So he can mentally.
So his brain is faster.
Right.
Brain is faster.
So is his heart beating faster?
Is his blood going faster?
I mean, here's where I'm getting at.
Does he digest food faster?
There's some people who write him like that where he needs to eat more food, but.
So he's like, I just, I have to shit.
I just, I just ate a Cheerio and now I got poop.
That would make sense.
Yeah.
He must be shitting a lot.
Which is, was there an issue about that?
I haven't read that one yet.
It's interesting that you say some people write him that way.
Right.
Are there other things like that?
Are there things that don't exist in certain writers flash version?
All comic books.
Sorry.
This is the podcast for Dan Harmon interrupting people and go ahead, Jacob.
Apparently I'm the expert on the flash, but yeah, I think different writers take different liberties with him.
I remember, yeah, kid flash jumped out there and he got shot in the knee one episode.
And then the next issue, he was in the library for the whole time and learned a bunch of stuff.
He wasn't.
He, he didn't.
So he can't heal fast.
That too.
That was just one issue that he was out with the knee.
I think it's really important to know whether or not he thinks faster because I want to know if Martian mindhunter,
manhunter, he hunts more minds than men usually.
So to be fair, but whose name makes sense in the DC universe?
But if Martian manhunter was reading Flash's mind, maybe that would be a fun thing where he's like,
well, I can't fucking understand a goddamn thing he's thinking because it's like,
it's like listening to a squirrel.
I think you might have just broke something there.
That's something that hasn't been done.
I think it's like flat.
It'd be fun to think about the dialogue that way because they always treat the Flash like he's either a cut up or he's an idiot.
Like he's sort of like the, like the, they treat him like in the current like DC film universe.
Like he's kind of like the combination of like the Troy community.
I'm referencing classics.
So then we have a benchmark.
I'm a big fan.
Like he's like, he's the every man kind of thing.
Or he's just like, well, here's how dope that was kind of thing.
He's like, he's the youngster down, honestly.
Where he's like, I just want to be part of the team.
Right.
I'm a really good detective.
I mean, we got Batman here.
So I don't know who's the world's greatest detective.
So, but he don't run fast.
So it evens out.
But I think the most interesting thing in the world because, oh, I mean, I did.
Yeah.
Cause it was like every, like every line of dialogue for the flash.
If you were just to like run through the exercise of like, all right, I've got,
I'm going to take three hours to edit this and write it and all this stuff.
And that he, like, you know, knowing that he has the power to do that,
how does shit come out?
And like the end result of that when you look through the comic book and you're like,
it might, it would probably manifest itself as he would be very stoic.
And which would make him, it would be like, oh, I get it.
He talks very infrequently and he only says like a couple of things.
And, and so they're doing this contrast thing.
But then every once in a while he'd have like this full dialogue balloon because it took him exactly three hours to like,
he's like, I'm just fucking sending this.
Like, like, you know, you like edited it as much as he could, but it was like,
he got triggered so much that he had that.
And it's like, you, without warning this guy who usually talks like Groot, like,
like all of a sudden it's like, well, the thing is you've been,
it's twice about that. There's 70% income.
You should be more considerate of people.
And you're just like, what the fuck?
Does he listen?
Does he?
Does he listen faster?
Like if he heard himself, does he mature?
Does he, does he, does he get woke faster?
Was he like, did he realize he had been fucking women up like,
like, like in 2016?
He got out ahead of it.
Is he constantly shaving?
I mean, like, is, I mean, like,
He's growing faster, huh?
Well, if he does everything faster.
Does his favorite color look like a Nintendo power-up?
Oh, no.
Yeah, I didn't, I mean, I rift Nintendo power-up.
That's what you're sensing.
What do you mean?
What does that mean, Dan?
Fake it till you make it?
I was trying to imagine like a, like a 16-bit thing where like the color is cycling,
but, you know, cause his favorite, his favorite color keeps changing.
It's between like red and yellow, gold.
You don't know those are his favorite colors.
What if he, what if he's like Batman and he's like,
this will strike fear in my enemies, red and gold.
It'll strike fear in slow things.
It'll go away from me and I'll go the opposite way.
I am most interested in his metabolism.
Didn't they talk about that a little bit when Ben Affleck went to his...
Yeah, they did a little bit in the New Justice League,
but yeah, they talked a little bit about,
but they've changed him now into a person that's actually creating,
he's, oh, he's not actually fast because that raises too many questions.
Probably it's easier to say that he travels through a fucking, excuse me,
a conduit of lightning.
Yeah, my favorite rendition of him is he accesses the speed force
with another dimension and gives him all sorts of access to slowing down reality
for the way he proceeds.
I kind of like that idea that he's,
of him as a walking inception pop-up during a battle,
that he's going to do what he's going to do.
And the key to using the flash right is to give him explicit instructions
because you're not going to have another chance.
And it's better to use him like,
if you don't have a really good plan for him, you should just tell him like,
when in doubt, stop everyone from being hurt or something like that
and that you're checking back in with him in a way that's like,
how it would look from the perspective of like plant life or something.
He's behind the scenes making all sorts of moves and we're all just,
oh, you're here, you're doing your thing.
Jacob, why do you know so much about the flash?
I've been reading comic books since I don't know, I was 10 years old.
Yeah, eat that mic, Jacob.
He's been reading, I've been reading comic books since I was like 10 years old.
And brothers and sisters?
Yeah, I have an older sister. She lives here in Los Angeles.
On an emotional level, on a personal level, is there a connection to the flash
that's like, you're like, okay, so just an example,
like the day it was like Tony Stark was like,
here's my kryptonite, I love booze.
I was like, sold, like, how can you get better than this person?
It was there like a flash thing.
A moment for me with flash?
Well, for me, the flash moment for me was when Kid Flash got shot in the knee
and he said, who am I?
I think I'll go to the library.
Yeah, he went to the library and he said, I'm going to read some things.
I'm going to be better, a better person.
And then I thought, you know, it was more than just the powers.
He got shot in the knee.
He was a baby flash and he was already fast.
Yeah, so actually this wasn't even Barry Allen.
This was his grandson or whatever.
And he gets shot in the knee by Deathstroke in an issue.
Oh, because Deathstroke can't, even the flash,
even a baby flash he can't miss.
He figured it out.
He timed him out and he shot him in the knee, took him out, sent to the library.
Congratulations, Mrs. Deathstroke, Deathstroke's mom.
You must be very proud.
He shot baby flash in the knee.
He is officially, yes, good job.
All right, I'm thinking of Deadshot.
That's the guy who's always bragging about how he never misses.
You said Deathstroke.
Deathstroke.
He's different from Deadshot.
Deathstroke is just like, it looks like Deadpool and he just strokes to death.
Yeah.
All right, sorry, I didn't mean to derail you.
That's probably my favorite flash moment, but Captain America's always been like that.
Wait, so is it because baby flash having been shot in the knee was like,
well, I'm still fast, I'm going to go to the library and get like a PhD?
Yeah, it was more about self-examination.
How do I grow as a person?
I'm not a good superhero.
I let down my whole team and I'm shot in the knee.
I can't run fast anymore, so what am I worth?
He went and explored himself and he came back and, you know, he made a difference.
Did he like learn any new talents?
He learned all sorts of chemistry and bio.
I don't know.
I don't know exactly what he was.
Was he learning faster?
Yeah, he was learning way faster.
He read the library.
He had a PhD by the end of it, you know.
Who's fast?
Who's faster?
Okay.
Flash is Superman.
Go.
Flash, no doubt.
Flash is Superman.
No doubt.
Who swims faster?
Flash or Aquaman?
Spins faster.
Swims faster.
Oh.
But who does?
What?
Spam faster.
I'll go with the flash in any scenario, space, water, air, anywhere.
Flash is the fastest.
How come Superman and the Flash are always having races and they're like neck and neck?
I think Flash is just, you know, trying to throw him a bone.
Really?
He seems so uptight about it.
The Flash?
Yeah, he doesn't seem like he's throwing anyone a bone.
Of the two of them, who's more uptight?
Superman or Flash?
Flash is having fun.
I don't think, I think Superman wishes he was slower.
I don't think Superman is the kind of guy that's like, I should race you.
I think that's why he enjoys racing the Flash.
He's like, oh, this is one time I can let loose.
It's one time I might lose.
And I'm gonna lose.
Which says a lot about Superman.
And that's okay.
That he, yeah, he's coming in low.
He wants to lose.
So that flies in the face of the theory that Flash is throwing Superman a bone.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Maybe we're both right and wrong.
I get it.
I get it now.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So Superman is the provocateur because he's so masochistic.
He's like, hey, you want to race?
I hope I lose.
Oh, Superman.
So dark.
I think so.
I think that's like the most forgiving rating of Superman, but yeah.
Has the Flash.
Okay.
So the Flash, I know he can run across water because he's so fast.
Yeah.
So can Superman.
They often race around the world.
Right.
Okay.
So, so, so, so my question is, and I think you've already answered it.
Has the Flash ran across the ocean?
Yeah.
He's run all across the whole planet many times.
He'll do it.
He won't even get on a plane.
He's like, I'd rather run across the ocean.
Yeah.
I'm not even going to put on the suit.
Right.
Does he put that on that?
Because also no one's going to go.
Does he what?
Barry Allen is the Flash.
This changes everything.
Yeah.
Catch me.
Fuck your head.
Oh my God.
That's Arthur Curry.
Yeah.
Try to catch him.
I'm carrying him.
Alex Haley is Frozone.
The Flash is running across the ocean and Aquaman is trying to, let's say the Riddler
is in the water.
Okay.
And he's drowning because Wonder Woman's ropes are around him and so the Riddler is
saying, honestly, I'm drowning.
I swear to God.
I have no reason to lie to you, I'm drowning.
And so Aquaman's heading towards the Riddler, so is the Flash.
Is it possible that the Flash would kick Aquaman in the face and if he did would he
fall?
Kill him.
Kill him because it's like a bullet.
Well, he's the king of Atlantis.
You could probably shoot Aquaman in the face with a gun.
With the Flash?
With those hips?
Oh yeah.
I don't know why not.
Did you shoot Aquaman in the face?
I think the Flash could kill Aquaman in pretty much any scenario.
I don't know how y'all feel about that, but I give the Flash KO in that scenario for
sure.
What I was going to say is if the Flash is running across water and he steps on anything
other than water, be it Aquaman's face in this case, would he trip and then he would
fall in the water, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Good because I'm just working on the script tonight.
I just wanted to run this scene by you and ridiculous.
So you said the Flash could move the fastest in space.
Yeah, he's been in space and how did dude wait the Flash could run in space?
It's all about it's all about the speed force.
The speed force is an interdimensional force that allows him to access speed in any dimension.
Oh, cool.
That's not, thank you for taking that.
That's not a very nice way to respond to an answer to a question you asked.
He wanted the answer, yeah.
It doesn't have to make sense.
He does answer me a lot.
He's like, oh, tell me what you know, do you really, really care?
Tell me what you're doing.
And he'll go like, nerd, wow, okay, so he can run in space.
He can run on water.
He can run on space, but he's not running, he's going to interdimensional, what's it?
Wait, how can he get, how does speed force make it so that he can move through space?
Speed force.
Isn't it the need?
I assumed that that, I have to say, when I heard speed force, I immediately pictured
this whole fucking subset of comic books about all the people that hang out with the flash,
and I was like, I will fully ignore, I didn't want to hear a goddamn thing about it.
Well, there's, laser foot and, Shortcuts 12 has red hair and pigtails.
Get back here, Shortcut.
But wait, is speed force, does it refer, I assumed like a task force, no, it's like
a force of nature.
Yeah, it's a force of nature.
Oh, okay, okay.
It's like a dimension that he accesses to do his thing.
And there are people there, there's Jesse Quick, and all sorts of folks, Jesse, I knew
it.
I knew it, I knew there was a speed force, Jesse Quick.
I mean, they're not going to stop printing these comic books.
They're not going to, they're not going to be like, well, maybe no one will want to read
this one.
They're going to keep doing it until it, until it's fucking, until it's dry as a
ball.
How did he become the flash?
He spills some chemicals on himself, they got struck by lightning, it's bullshit.
He's, wait, wait, wait, I mean, it's true, it's lazy, but it is true, but it's so lazy.
He spills some chemicals.
What were they?
Janitorial supplies.
You can find them in any home hit by lightning by lightning, yeah, but on the same day that
he spills something.
If you want to get, like, really into the flash lore, he is the lightning bolt that struck
himself and he gave himself his powers, it gets really complicated, yeah.
What?
Yeah.
Oh, because of the infinite crisis, did Brainiac make Power Girl into a fucking storm cloud
after Earth 2 was...
You made fun, but you know too much.
I'm getting too much from Wikipedia, I'm like, just tell me who fucking Black Canary
is.
Like, any of the first paragraph of every single one of these fucking people is like,
this is the name of several characters, I'm like, no it's not, just tell me who the fuck
she is.
What, has she got a knife in her boot?
Probably, but I'm not the one to help you with her.
Yeah, well, she sings in people's faces and stuff, she sings.
Superman and Batman, Public Enemies, here's a new segment, here's a new segment, Dan Harmon
problematizes the things that don't need to be problematized.
Sometimes you gotta problematize.
Superman, oh man, we're done, I fucking did it, okay.
Superman and Batman, Lex Luthor's president in this Public Enemies thing, and Superman
and Batman are like...
They have to move in together.
I can't remember the circumstance, but they're like, it's like, oh, Superman goes for a meeting
with...
There's a comet coming towards Earth, it's Kryptonite comet, yeah.
And Superman goes to have a meeting with Lex Luthor, and Batman's like, don't go to that
meeting, and whatever, you know, fast forward.
So it turns out, Batman and Superman are like buddy cops who are framed for trying to get
trying to kill President Luthor, and they're like on the lamb together.
And Lex Luthor puts a bounty on their heads, so all of the DC villains are trying to kill
Superman and Batman, and one of them is Banshee.
You guys know Banshee, she comes flying out of the woods, and goes, and Superman's like
the fuck, fuck, and he just takes her up into space, and she passes out, and he flies her
down, and he says to Batman, these guys don't hang out that much, but Superman says to Batman,
she'll be out for a while, but do you have anything for her screaming?
And Batman responds like he's been asked for Advil, he's like, yeah, and he puts a disc
on her throat and says, this hypersonic electromagnetic thing will conduct her scream power and make
it hurt her, make her screams hurt her more than they hurt other people.
Batman, why is that in your pocket?
Superman, why does your first move to fly them up to the exact height where they fall
unconscious?
Why are the two of you so fucking simpatico?
There was barely any conversation, it was like fuck it, it was like a fuck, she comes
out of the woods, and Superman's just like, who the fuck, who the fuck, all I know is
this bitch won't fuck you, try screaming without air, takes him down to his vigilante
friend and goes, look, here's what I know, she'll be out for a while, Superman's done
this a thousand times.
Hey, Bats, I just invented a new way to killing people.
I'm not gonna mouth.
I could grab him by the lapels and go up to space where there's no air and he implodes
and then I just drop him the fuck down, why does he do that like that?
Superman does it so many times in that series that I watch regular Superman stuff and I'm
like, well, you got them, and whenever he throws someone, I'm like, why'd you throw
him, do your fucking moves?
You got, I would never stop mashing that A button, that is, take him to space, see
how they like that.
That is so fucking dark, like he went, oh, I never thought of that before, there's a
bank robbery, I got this, I ready everybody put your gun in the air, I'm gonna blow your
fucking head up, excuse me, going up, what are you, oh my god, no.
How about this, hey, Martian manhunter, scan for all the people that are thinking they
might want to rob a bank, hey, Flash, quickly learn to forge a contest entry for people
who all get to rob a bank, like if you start just like, he just like gathers people in
buses and like full of people who are thinking about robbing a bank, I just like soaring
them into space and they're like, ugh, ugh, and they just like take them down, like there's
just like filling stadiums full of buses, full of people who might fucking have the
wrong thoughts.
He's like, why am I making this so hard for myself, making them empty, Superman, emptying
their guns while, while they're shooting at my chest, I could just grab the fuckers and
go up to space.
I mean, you're an alien, you can't die, use it or lose it, you're not gonna fit in while
you're helping people, no one likes people saving them, everyone needs it, stop fitting
in, save us, Christ, like just fucking like, shoot, like kill everyone, that's bad, and
tell us how to be, we'll wear red capes, he just, I'm sure he does it in like some Joker
version.
He's like, son, it's a great story about Superman being a Russian fuck, he's like a
Russian, it's going.
All right, well, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
Jacob, how was that doughnut, bro?
It was delicious.
So they got you a napkin, I put it down.
You can have it now and you can finish it, you, you earned it.
So I think it's next, next week we'll talk, we'll talk true crime with some, with some
wonderful British imports, I really think you're gonna love them.
The red handles.
The red hand podcast, uh, you think you're sick of true crime, but, uh, you know, like
I, I, they're, they're, they're really, uh, kind of graceful and crisp about it in a
way that makes me like happy, but I still listen to every single true crime podcast.
Yeah, you don't have to pretend you're interested.
Hey, what, what I would say is check out deadly class, you might enjoy it.
Deadly class?
Yeah, it's a, it's a new TV show, Russo Brothers produced it, great comic book writer wrote
it.
You might enjoy it.
What is it?
What's the deadly class?
What is it all about?
Deadly class is, it's about a group of assassins who, uh, are, are kids who are being trained
to be assassins as children and it's good.
You'll, you'll enjoy it.
What is it?
What medium?
It's TV, it's on sci-fi.
Okay.
Yep.
There's still a sci-fi?
Sci-fi network.
I know the last thing they did was.
How do they spell it now?
Like PSI dash to upside down threes shaped like a mouse, it's like half food shows.
It's bad, but it's the only good thing they got going.
That is the, uh, that's the slogan for the network.
It's bad, but, but check it out.
Well, how can you have branding now?
Like everybody's kind of like, uh, like, I, I, that's the networks are panicking because
they're like, well, what if you spent 20 years like figuring out, well, you know, how to make
people understand what, what, what you mean when you say FX and now FX is a guy to look
forward to a world where they're like, how are we going to make, how are we going to
sell ourselves on Netflix, which is just like Walmarting the fucking, uh, world vid escape
coined it, uh, interesting, interesting.
People have to save that for the next step, but so international women's mom, please find
a charity.
We always do one, but find a charity that supports the women in your neighborhood or around the
world.
This has been Harmontown.
Please give a warm round of applause to Jacob, Dan Harmon, Rob Schrab.
Happy birthday, Sarah Hill.
Happy birthday, Steve, Levy, Chris, for, um, Zac McKeever, Noah, Fabricus, I've been
Brandon Johnson.
We will see you next Monday at the downtown dynasty.
Good night.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.